---
title: 'Hello for the third time'
subtitle: "Or is it the fourth now? Can't seem to recall..."
cover_image: ''
date_published: 24-4-2023
date_updated: 24-4-2023
description: 'A basic introductory post for this blog, the future and the general state of things.'
tags: introduction, general, blog
---

hi.

repeated text:viewer stats, easy content management, likes and comments, moderation, etc. But it's all under WordPress -- if I wanted to customize it, it had to be under WordPress. I couldn't add things like custom widgets or radically change the layout unless I stuck to the predefined theme. And let me tell you, none of those themes were right.

now with a link: [WordPress](https://wordpress.com)

so the problem is that long links are not allowed. hmmmm...

- The blog was hosted by [WordPress](https://wordpress.com). This meant that I got many cool features like a dashboard, viewer stats, easy content management, likes and comments, moderation, etc. But it's all under WordPress -- if I wanted to customize it, it had to be under WordPress. I couldn't add things like custom widgets or radically change the layout unless I stuck to the predefined theme. And let me tell you, none of those themes were right.
- The blog was too focussed on one thing -- cybersecurity. I know I really like cybersecurity, but I mean that's not the only thing I'd like to write about. I've also done quite a few other cool stuff this past year, and if I could get a place to write about those then it would be pretty awesome.

So thus began what we all can refer to as _The Great Migration of shahank's Blog_, a movement so fierce and majestic that it shall go down in documentaries and Netflix adaptations.

The plan had two phases:

1. something
2. another thing

I'm happy to announce that phase one of this grand scheme is (sorta) complete.
Oh yeah, in fact you are already inside it!

[This site](https://shahanknet.vercel.app) was created by me using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) and [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com), along with other libraries such as GrayMatter, Remark and probably some other ones that I may add in the future.

It initially started out as a way of me navigating through the interactive tutorial so graciously provided by the Next.js website to get me to learn it, and then evolved into something more, something new, something beyond even your wildest -- okay okay I'll stop.

Knowing me, it'll probably be an eternal work-in-progress, but hey now at least I have something to work on.

And I guess that's that? I won't be shutting down the other WordPress site, let it stay indefinitely for who knows how long (just like another cringe WP site I made years back which I hope no one can ever find).

I will be re-using the posts from there in this blog because content.

Catch ya next time (lol).
